LIFE@NIE SG was developed upon the foundations of NIE philosophies, namely i) values-driven paradigm; ii) responsiveness, relevance, rigour; and iii) future-orientation, Learning Initiatives for the Future of Education at the National Institute of Education Singapore (LIFE@NIE SG ®) comprises a set of Institute-level key priority areas and initiatives for NIE’s next lap of growth. They serve to create knowledge and advance research across disciplines. As the Institute builds capacity and reputation in these areas, they also serve as a focus for the investment of NIE resources for the next few years.

The nomenclature of "LIFE" is inspired by the national "Learn for Life" movement and builds upon NIE’s current "4-Life" philosophy of providing life-long, life-deep, life-wide and life-wise education and education-related programmes and thought leadership.

The identification of the key priority areas provide a focus for the investment of resources at NIE to develop and deliver future-ready initiatives for
• Teaching and learning
• Education and content research
• International outreach and reputation building
• Strategic hiring and capacity building

The LIFE@NIE SG ® areas and initiatives are also well aligned with NTU 2025 strategies to address Singapore’s and humanity’s grand challenges and are being implemented as part of the current and next NIE strategic plans.

One of the challenges currently faced is a lack of communication of the LIFE@NIE SG initiative with the faculty. Faculty have given feedback they are not clear on how their research and projects align with LIFE@NIE SG, and who to reach out to for the information, although we have dedicated page on the institute's website for LIFE@NIE SG. To address this, I plan to create another webpage which would be like an interactive self-help page which would allow the faculty to evaluate how their planned project or research aligns with the institute's strategic direction. It could consist of multiple layers of questions. The proceeding questions would depend on the response to the questions in the preceding later. It could perhaps have around four layers of questions which would give a clearer understanding of the alignment of the project/research with the strategic initiatives. At the end, the age will give a response including contact information for the steering committee of the respective areas under the LIFE@NIE SG framework.

--

The STRATEGIC GROWTH AREAS are:

(1) Child and Human Development

By gaining deep insights into the different aspects of human development, e.g., physical, cognitive, language and socio-emotional, meaningful educational experiences can be created to impact the lives of diverse learners, be they early childhood learners, adolescent learners, learners with special education needs or low-progress learners.

Recognising the unique needs of our diverse learners, NIE aims to foster multiple research interests and generate interdisciplinary knowledge to improve educational practices and policies and enhance the well-being of our learners. By studying normal developmental processes in learners and those at risk for adverse outcomes or disorders, we strive to engender innovative programmes to enhance the learning and well-being of our learners and mitigate risks if and when they occur.

Child and Human Development Steering Committee include:
A/P Lim Kam Ming, Head / PCHD (Chair)
A/P Caroline Koh, PCHD (Co-chair)

(2) Science of Learning

A better understanding of the science of learning enables educators and learners to tackle learning issues and difficulties with enhanced precision, personalisation and differentiation.

NIE aims to promote knowledge, cultivate collaborations and develop thought leadership in science of learning in education through the Science of Learning in Education Centre (SoLEC@NIE) and programmes such as the Master of Science in Science of Learning, bringing together multiple disciplines that includes neuroscience, cognitive science, psychology, technology and AI in education. These endeavours will contribute to a deeper understanding of learning processes and better ways to support successful school learning.

Science of Learning Steering Committee include:
Prof Kenneth Poon, Dean / Research (Advisor)
Prof David Hung, CD / SoLEC (Co-chair)
A/P Anne Rifkin​, Dy CD / LSA (Co-chair)

(3) Assessment and Evaluation

Literacy in assessment and evaluation is crucial to educators in making informed decisions about teaching and learning. Through the assessment and evaluation processes, educators collect and analyse evidence on student learning against pre-defined standards and how a programme or initiative affects the intended or unintended outcomes of learning.

NIE aims to develop new knowledge, expertise, collaborations and thought leadership in the areas of assessment and evaluation through education, research and outreach programmes and initiatives.

Assessment and Evaluation Steering Committee include:
Prof Chang Chew Hung, NIE Sustainability Officer (Chair)
A/P Chong Wan Har, PCHD (Co-chair)
Dr Tay Hui Yong, Sr Lecturer / LSA (Co-chair)

(4) Values and Ethics

In an increasingly complex and diverse landscape, learners who are grounded with strong moral character and ethical values are better placed to make sound decisions and be active, positive contributors to the well-being of those around them and the larger society.

Through carefully designed programmes, research and innovative pedagogies informed by evidence, NIE inculcates and promotes positive values and ethics in educators and learners ‒ empowering them to lead, teach and learn ably and responsibly; seize opportunities for self-directed learning; and embrace an experimenting disposition for solutioning, based on mastery.

Values and Ethics Steering Committee include:
Prof Low Ee Ling, Dean / AFA (Chair)
Dr Dennis Kwek, CD / CRPP (Co-chair)
Prof Tan Oon Seng, Dean / SPJ and CD / SCCCE (Dir. SCCCE)

(5) Emerging Technologies

NIE promotes the assimilation of knowledge and skills for the effective design, development and use of innovative pedagogies and learning technologies through educational programmes, ethical interventions, collaborations and thought leadership. The Institute also aims to exemplify how emerging pedagogies, technology and spaces may be used to enhance life-long learning outcomes.

By leveraging state-of-the-art technologies such as artificial intelligence in education, educators and learners can more effectively customise content, augment cognition, assess and evaluate learning outcomes, and enhance the overall learning process with the aid of simulations, visualisations and learning analytics.

Emerging Technologies Steering Committee include:
A/P Ang Keng Cheng, Dean / GPL​ (Advisor)
A/P Tan Seng Chee​​​, AD / PLD (Chair)
A/P Chen Wenli​, Head / LSA (Co-chair)
A/P Chua Bee Leng, CLIO (Co-chair)

--

Even if there is not sufficient alignment with the strategic growth areas, it is important for there to be at least alignment with the institutes EVERGREEN STRENGTHS AND DISTINCTIVE CAPABILITIES, which are: 

(a) Disciplinary Knowledge and Curriculum

NIE has the unique value proposition of being able to leverage synergies among content and curriculum experts working alongside one another, which enables us to stand out among teacher education institutions globally.

(b) Teacher Education and Professional Development

At the heart of what we deliver are teacher education programmes, pedagogical know-how and professional development offerings that prepare and equip educators with the latest knowledge, values and skills to inspire life-long, life-deep, life-wide and life-wise learning in their students, and who embrace and model positive values and ethics themselves.

(c) Education, Transformation and Sustainability.

NIE leverages our strengths and potential in linking research, theory and practice to inform educational policies and contribute towards transformational changes in the education system for a caring, sustainable and progressive society.

For matters related to EVERGREEN STRENGTHS AND DISTINCTIVE CAPABILITIES and all other general enquiries, the contact will be SPE department (spenie@nie.edu.sg).

--

The current challenge includes faculty not being able to align their projects based on just the names of the strategic and evergreen areas. Hence, instead of using the names of the areas as the options the user need to select as responses, using brief descriptions of what each area represents would be better. The questions should be designed to help pick out the key features and/or expected outcomes of the project or research, which can then be used to align with the strategic and evergreen areas.

More information for each area including can be found on the website: https://www.ntu.edu.sg/nie/about-us/life@nie-sg

Generate the interactive self-help html page which allows the above scenario. The page will be hosted on a free external web hosting service life GitHub pages and linked to the LIFE@NIE SG website. Try to follow a consistent colour theme as the main site.
